Hi Jeff!
I hope this message finds you well.
As you can see and hear, I thought I'd
follow-up on our BASF business development
discussion with something a little different.
I have a ton of ideas when it comes to tools
and tactics regarding business development,
I’d really love to help you.
In this presentation, I’m going to focus
on one specific idea, and that’s, appropriately
enough, video.
Specifically, personalized or targeted video.
I just saw this video on Kenna’s YouTube
channel, I think it’s a great step in the
right direction.
And so my question is: how else might we be
able to leverage video to get into more doors
at BASF?
These are numbers I pulled from BASF’s financial
statements online.
The potential really speaks for itself.
I actually think the kind of business development
help you want might not be, you know, the
typical sales person who is just churning
through leads non-stop and focusing on quantity.
I think it might actually be the opposite,
someone who can provide high quality touch,
diplomacy, tact, you know - willing to play
the long game to win over new units and divisions
and decision makers.
In terms of strategy, I suspect you’ve already
had a lot of internal discussions around these
points.
Whether it’s expanding your suite of services
with existing relationships within BASF.
Or, reaching out to new geographies within
existing BASF segments, for example, if you’re
already working with agchem in Canada and
the US, how do we approach agchem in Mexico
or Europe?
And finally, introducing services to non-engaged
segments.
You know, perhaps finding a way to get involved
with the Master Builders program within the
Construction group with Brian Denys, perhaps.
So, what if we could do something to prime
the pump?
Something to get a prospective contact excited
in advance, so that when we do meet with them,
it can be less about a typical capabilities
presentation and more about talking to them,
understanding their unique challenges, and
how we’re best equipped to help them?
So I think that takes care of the “why”
- why would we do this (leverage video)?
But what about the “where”?
This is the customer lifecycle curve that
was a favourite at Digital Cement.
So at which points would we leverage video
to complement our other business development
tactics?
You know, the Kenna YouTube video, that would
be great fit, you know, under the Awareness
section.
What if we could develop video content that
could accelerate engagement with prospective
contacts?
And so here’s the “what”.
What if we produced a really high quality
report for our existing projects in the form
of a project update or debrief?
Right, so it doesn’t have to be something,
you know, super over-produced, but something
that conveys our professionalism and work
quality.
Viewers would get a sense of what it would
be like to work with Kenna.
And when our internal BASF supporters are
asked about their projects, you know, they
can even proudly direct them to our securely
hosted, confidential video pages.
Also, when we do get the opportunity to meet
with new people at BASF, this would be a great
library to draw on, something to show new
contacts what they can expect from us, that
sort of thing.
So Jeff, I hope you’ve enjoyed this so far.
I’m just going to wrap things up with a
quick personal update.
You know, I’ve always really enjoyed being
that person that can bridge the business and
technical teams.
My original time at AppliCan and Kenna really
helped me to understand that one of the things
I enjoy most is leveraging technology to
solve business problems.
Let me tell you a little bit about how I produced
this video and experience.
I used Adobe Premiere and After Effects for
the video production.
For the website, I used a PHP framework called
Laravel.
It’s tools like Laravel and other open source
tools that really help enable me to create
fully functional prototypes.
I really continue to be in love with the idea
that, you know, say on the flight back from
meeting with a client, that I can whip up
a fully functional demo that I could present
back to the client the very next day, right.
It never ceases to impress, it’s always
kind of a crowd pleaser.
People love seeing their words translated
into something tangible.
It’s that great feeling you get when you
know your technology or marketing partner
really gets and understands you.
As importantly, it’s really useful for delivering
incredibly detailed, accurate information
back to the development and delivery teams,
so that we can spend less time guessing and
more time building high quality applications
with fewer issues, on a more aggressive timeline.
So Jeff, I’ll end things here.
Hopefully you found this to be a little fun.
I’ll know when you watch this video, because
of course, it’ll appear in my analytics.
But maybe what we could do next is arrange
some time to chat over the phone, maybe to
just help you get a better sense of how exactly
I might be able to complement and help with
your business development efforts.
Before I make my permanent move back to Toronto,
which should be some time later this year,
I’d be happy to spend a few days here and
there with you at the Mississauga office,
maybe help out on a part-time or contract
basis even, I mean I’m open to suggestions.
Otherwise, I hope things are going well for
you Jeff, hope you get to really enjoy the
summer and I will talk to you soon!